# Old blog post converted from HTML to ORG.
#+STARTUP: showall
#+AUTHOR: Sam Tuke
#+DATE: 18th December 2013

** Getting Goteo approval

#+CAPTION: Pending project on Goteo
[[file:img/goteo-review.png]]

The targets are set, the rewards are prepared, the press release has
been edited and translated, and now we're waiting for approval from the
crowdfunding platform [[http://goteo.org/][Goteo]].

Goteo is like indiegogo, but more forward thinking. It has a special
focus on communal benefits and rewards - projects that benefit society
as a whole, not just project donors (though they can get special rewards
too).

Every 'good' produced by a campaign on Goteo, be it artwork, software,
event, or manufactured product, has a license assigned to it, like GPL
or Creative Commons, and as well as asking for money, projects ask for
other forms of help called “non-economic needs”, like translations or
product testing. Goteo's [[https://github.com/Goteo/Goteo][own source]]
code is Free Software too, meaning anyone can run their own Goteo
crowdfunding server. That's the feature that swung our decision to use
it for GnuPG.

Because the type of project on Goteo is quite specific however, the
acceptance phase of launching crowdfunding is taking us longer than
expected. Right now we're working with Goteo's small team to answer
questions which aren't on the webforms you fill out when you design your
project with their system.

I'm hoping to provide what's necesasry and get acceptance quickly. As
soon as we have it the crowdfunding will launch and [[http://gnupg.hosted.phplist.com/lists/?p=subscribe&id=1][newsletter]]
subscribers and [[https://twitter.com/gnupg][Twitter]] followers will be the first to know.
