# Old blog post converted from HTML to ORG.
#+STARTUP: showall
#+AUTHOR: Sam Tuke
#+DATE: 13th December 2013

** Preparing for launch

Mid December, giving season, and nearly time for the GnuPG Crowdfunding
to commence. We've been working hard on preparations. Drafts of the new
mobile website design have been published and met positive feedback, and
a community-contibuted promo video was posted on YouTube. GnuPG coverage
on Twitter continues to grow with many articles
([[http://www.theguardian.com/global-development-professionals-network/2013/nov/29/surveillance-online-campaigning-tips][The
Guardian]],
[[http://usblog.kaspersky.com/gpg-strong-encryption-and-digital-signing-made-easy/][Kaspersky
Labs]],
[[https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2013/12/open-letter-urging-universities-encourage-conversation-about-online-privacy][The
EFF]],
[[http://www.lifehacker.com.au/2013/11/the-best-projects-and-gear-to-set-up-your-secret-lair/][Lifehacker]],
...) and 252 new followers in 6 weeks.

Click [[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEEckb-ioG4][here]] to view the video on YouTube. [embedded video removed on
2014-04-28 due to privacy issues]

#+CAPTION: New mobile site draft
#+ATTR_HTML: :class right :style max-width: 200px
[[file:img/mobile-front-page.png]]

Last Friday I announced the crowdfunding to a crowded audience at Berlin
event "[[http://www.boell.de/en/whatever-happened-privacy][Whatever
happened to privacy]]", and Markus Beckedahl
([[https://netzpolitik.org/][Netzpolitik]]) and
[[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jacob_Appelbaum][Jacob Appelbaum]] (Tor
Project and Wikileaks) amplified the importance of supporting the
project. Hugo Roy (FSFE) gave a talk on Wednesday about the campaign at
the Paris '[[http://111213.net/][Hackadon]]' - a new conference for Free
Software giving, organised by three
[[http://111213.net/#orga][crowdfunding organisations]]. His slides are
online in the GPG
[[https://gitorious.org/gnupg/presentations][presentations repository]].

Hopefully the crowdfunding page on Goteo (a Free Software Kickstarter)
will be ready for launch next week. Email me if you can help with
translating the press release - we're aiming for at least three
languages. And don't forget you can still sign up for email updates
(form below). Thanks for all your support so far!

[Subscribe code with references to external sites removed on 2014-04-28
due to privacy issues.]
